:birthday
There are two great days in a person's life- the day we are born and the day we discover why. 
You don't get older you get better
Every year on your birthday you get a chance to start new
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been.
No wise man ever wished to be younger.
:anniversary
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Loved you yesterday, love you still, always have, always will.
Real love stories never have endings.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
:holiday
Merry Everything and a happy always
A holiday isn't a holiday with plenty of freedom and fun
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. Wishing you happiness.
A holiday is an opportunity to journey within. It is also a chance to chill, to relax. It is when I switch on my rest mode.
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
:party
Let's get this party started! 
Life is a party. Dress for it.
Live to work. Work to party. Party to live.
Study hard, but party harder. 
The party don't start till I walk in.
:hang out
The only way to have a friend is to be one 
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing. 
No friendship is an accident. 
A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world. 
Only a true friend would be that truly honest.
:appointment
Events do not just happen, but arrive by appointment.
We are on a journey to keep an appointment with whatever we are.
Our appointment with life is in the present moment. If we do not have peace and joy right now, when will we have peace and joy?
We are not saints, but we have kept our appointment. How many people can boast as much?
If you make more appointments with quality people, you will have less disappointments with non-quality people.
:meeting
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
If you had to identify, in one word, the reason why the human race has not achieved, and never will achieve, its full potential, that word would be meetings.
The majority of meetings should be discussions that lead to decisions.
The travel, the amazing work I have had the chance to do, the meetings with different people are all very inspiring and give me lots of positive energy.
Meetings should be great - they're opportunities for a group of people sitting together around a table to directly communicate. That should be a good thing. And it is, but only if treated as a rare delicacy.
:vacation
Take vacations, go as many places as you can, you can always make money, you can't awakes make memories.
The vacation we often need is freedom from our own mind.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
Happiness consists of living each day as if it were the first day of your honeymoon and the last day of your vacation.
Travel brings power and love back into your life.
:interview
It's not whether you get knocked down. It's whether you get up.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
The question isn't who's going to let me; it's who's going to stop me.
:test
Do It Once, Do It Right. Get It Over With!
Do something that your future self will thank you for.
Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
Do something everyday that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.
We don't grow when something is easy. We grow when something is challenging.
:homework
You don't get rich off your day job, you get rich off your homework.
If you want to be lucky, do your homework.
The more you do your homework, the more you're free to be intuitive. But you've got to put the work in.
Do your homework, study the craft, believe in yourself, and out-work everyone.
A genius is a talented person who does his homework.
:study
Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential.
:class
Education is the key to unlocking the world, a passport to freedom. 
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
